well we're in South Beach Miami random
guy last night it is the morning of
Friday we're about get lunch
social club which is full restaurant and
tonight is live hotline League I'm
hanging up with truly you Lee twitches
most famous streamer of all time that's
gonna be fun
[Music]
Plus of 200 people that are probably to
be there and it's all gonna go green
white right bro
Rotom I need your help yeah good talk it
up so these blue chairs over those blue
chairs over here I never really looking
this way audience comes in that
direction this is gonna be weird
these lights what would you do chairs
here all audience over there
light there and there Luke would
probably be kind of off over there I
think this is gonna work this actually a
free clinic I'm actually pretty excited
[Music]
[Applause]
all right so I am now getting ready for
Halloween Miami and I got a special set
of attire to celebrate the occasion
[Music]
[Applause]
sorry human anyway
Shelburne I am very excited I feel like
I should be more nervous like Luke is
I'm sure losing it the chances are
random people coming out through
there and walk you through our shots cuz
I already saw it too random I'm gonna
yell at them on the mic maybe some good
content I get beat up before the finals
[Music]
I would thank you guys so much for
having the show I'm putting this on
inviting us as guests all four of us we
had a blast
I think the setup was incredible
especially for a first-time attempt here
like at a salute door live I actually
thought that this is going to be a
dumpster fire like March so I think as
much as I hate it maybe a round of
applause for Travis for actually we're
out of time barks music said we should
do a live show during the show Luke who
is my life producer for the show worked
with me at Yahoo he messaged me and said
I will live produce hot line League in
Miami he found the venue he got all the
gear he did all this stuff I probably
not paying him for this I should pass up
something but he is do like them so much
for basically nothing other than to help
create this Luke thank you this is hot
[Applause]
[Music]
well hotline League was a huge success I
had so much fun I actually afterwards
went back to the hotel when his sleeve
but Brodin went out and partied until
the sunset or sunrise so he actually
might be starting to fall so Croton and
we're back here for clutch and echo fox
which is about to kick off right behind
me we're waiting for EU LCS to finish
residentsleeper but I'm so excited to
see the first day of games right here in
Miami starting off in just a moment
[Music]
wow that was actually super quick okay
so Edgar boxes three own we're all done
I'm joined right now by Luke who's over
there and you lose over there they
didn't they did not want to be they did
not want to be on camera but now they
are so we're gonna go back to the hotel
and figure out what's next I don't know
maybe we'll rage like Broden did last
night okay so we are going back right
now to the hotel but we're gonna meet up
with Nick Alan and OB who you guys don't
know but it's in this horse and and in
and maybe Nicola who used to do PR for
riot and now works for her own company
it's pretty fun we're gonna go find a
restaurant but we have to go upload a
press conference first so that's what's
up oh look we're staying across the
street from a strip club
[Music]
hey everyone Travis cafard here at the
Miami Fillmore I don't know why I'm
introducing myself again this is we're
two days into this vlog
Brodus shooting this but I'm actually
shooting this for my twitch chat we're
waiting at the red carpet for hundred
thieves and Team Liquid to show up with
all these beautiful people
[Applause]
[Music]
plug the heist this is the guy that
makes the hive also with these guys yeah
I can talk to if you can get anybody
down here that'd be cool earlier on the
split you had a suit that did not fit
you and we did an interview where you
said like you really needed 100 views to
step up their game and buy you something
so did that happen okay oh really
hello meteos famous who are you wearing
today yeah that's the red carpet
question oh you're supposed to talk
about like a designer Oh stare Jeter
Derek Jeter yeah very good
how's Miami been treating you it's good
it's really hot really I'm in yes it is
I'm already yeah I am too are you gonna
be sweating on stage Arnie it's going to
be a CSO
okay but not from any nervousness at
least okay you're feeling good feeling
cool okay very good thank you the sweat
I think is what does it really brings it
in
[Applause]
Oh what are you wearing jeans are you
wearing oh that's very classic who do
you think is gonna win Damian travis
captured always makes it that's true
that's true
oh I'm here with Eugene Eugene who are
you wearing today on the red carpet Who
am I wearing yes so what's gonna happen
on stage say you know one team's gonna
win and one team is going to lose that
isn't true says how many games will we
get we're gonna get it the range of
three to five game three to five games
alright what will we see in those games
once we was gonna break the Nexus okay
and the other team okay alright so
that's how that works
okay that's very good what about the
audience oh you excited for the audience
yeah
I got I heard you guys went to the beach
yesterday got in the water and before
your video people could even come out to
like record it you guys got out
yeah our frail bodies that just sit in
front of the computer all day could only
handle the might of Mother Nature for
like 15 minutes
it's like stinging ocean water thank you
alright here you can head down thank you
so much thanks
[Applause]
live stream wrapped up we had like a
three thousand people basically watching
the stream that was super cool I hope
you guys enjoyed that behind-the-scenes
thing maybe if groans not lazy hopeful
clips to talk over anyway the game is
starting in just a moment where you have
the teams come out the stages is lit the
trophies out the audience is high let's
go
[Music]
[Applause]
well we interrupt this vlog for a quick
little segment here
it's a sponsored vlog by a Thao they are
a couple of friends of mine Rachel and
Brianne who have known for about a year
now they've gone all over to a bunch of
different eSports events not just
legends and they're actually fashion
designers are coming out with a brand
very soon called a Thao their first
product is this hoodie so I'm gonna be
interviewing 100% random fans people I
don't know I have no idea who any of
these people are I'm gonna be asking
them some questions but also what they
think of this hoodie on the first time
out so here we go alright so I am here
with Michael Ramone Nelson Bryan ue Alex
I found another random fan just
wandering around the lobby what's your
name Bonnie can you do me a favor try
this Odeon and give me your honest
opinions yes all right here we go
it's very soft it's very comfy very
comfy I like it it's comfy it's Miami so
probably not necessary but up up in
Missouri like this is super comfortable
I would love it I didn't pay you for
this right no you didn't know you did it
I don't know it's very soft I guess if I
was on the cold definitely I would love
this actually I love camping so I'm a
book for those with a tail you would
wear it every day yeah all those things
that you can just wear it every day I
don't know why but the arms feel really
good yeah actually I like that I like
how it gives you a little Snuggie tight
right there it's actually nice and soft
I like the way it fits I hope it comes
in different colors I might pick one up
I'm gonna fall asleep in this well sleep
in it okay what are you gonna fall
asleep in it it's perfectly adequate
hoodie it's pretty comfortable actually
I love this hoodie easy I didn't pay you
anything to say that and you did not
actually okay thank you so much money
really nice to meet you for the very
first time ever yeah you seem like a
nice person well I guess what we've
learned this is this D softest city ever
so let's uh let's move on to the rest of
our vlog
[Music]
interviews are all done teamliquid one
300 it reminds me so much of 2015 MSG
watching Peter wins his first ever
trophy pretty trophy
doubles trophy case the whole venue is
shutting down now I'm exhausted but I'm
still gonna go out because that's how
this stuff works
so really go get dinner and hopefully
broaden it and find some because having
these pretty hungry
[Music]
okay well listen road and I forgot to
fill me out shows this weekend we were
to do it at the venue and now we're
doing it on the way to the airport so
thank you so much to Omni slash for
sponsoring our coverage in flight and
the Subaru and everything else on the
way out here they really made it
possible
thanks so much for watching and
subscribe here for more videos